The Plot of the missing rune
BRITAIN
Ask Trabbi (a lost Jester) about the RUNE. He reponds that it was stolen a few days ago by hoards of skeleton men.
and to ask Lingard in Bodania about the missing RUNE.

BODANIA
Find Lingard the Pub Merchant. Buy ALE and overbid. Ask about RUNE and offer him money till he speaks...
Lingard the PUB merchant called "TRADERS" in Bodania reports of the Rune of Humility being stolen. He says to talk to Glarand at Bodania about the Rune. He says he may also know about GREED
Buy More ALE and overbid. Ask about GREED-offer him money till he speaks... He will then say - 
"If though must know, I hear Glorthiel herself placed a Rune of Greed in place of the original Rune!"

Glarand (Tinker) at Bodania says he heard that hoards of Skeletons took the Rune to Thoranguard. Says to go and ask Fothak at Cove about Thoranguard. 

Roselynne(Tinker) the wise Tinker/Sage knows of the missing Rune. She says the original rune was replaced with The Rune of Greed!

Sir Mordred,An Aspiring Tinker,seeks the Black Isle. Says he hears Rumours of it's location and to
ask the ankh about the Isle. (The Isle hold the location of Black Iron Ore and Iron Rune Mold)


Ankh,A lonesome Ankh is good at telling tales. Say's I'ts from Blackrock- only a frigate can take
thee there.

McRumbil,A strong Sage,knows all about Black Iron Ore -T'is found near the Mining town of Blackrock
very far south of here! Also Knows about an Iron Rune Mold - T'is also needed to make an Iron Rune!
RECIPE#1( Iron Rune Mold + Black Iron Ore = Iron Rune)

Orange Beard, a pirate, plunders, loots and has buried some Treasure! His crew at 'Den 
just buried some!





COVE

Fothak at Cove knows about Thoranguard. He says Irmangresh the Giant here knows more. A frigate would takes thee thru Serpents River

Irmangresh the Giant says - hoards of Skeletons stole the rune to create a molten orb
The orb will be enchanted and to be placed on a staff for Glorthiel, the skeleton queen
He says Thoranguard the village lies opposite Cove accessable by boat only

(also the original Rune of Humility. was replaced with a Rune of Greed) - see Roselynne(Tinker) at BODANIA


THORANGUARD

Glorthiel, the skeleton queen says the new Orb will reinstill faith in Skeletons and bring
        both arms and war to Gnolls.
Guard skeletons say - Art thou here to spy?. His job is to keep the enemy beyond the gate.

Bostaff the Skeleton MAGE - Used Strong magic to resurect the dead.

Eirir, another skeleton says the skeletons are not truly evil.The orb will give skeletons Justice and instill humility onto the enemy

Hrotild , another skeleton says the skeletons moved to this land as a result of them being
       banished. They lost the war to the orcs many years ago.

Hjorgar , another skeleton says he fought well against the Villians. The Tyranny of the Gnolls let to their Doom. Skeletons know no humility!

Brallaug, another skeleton says The orb will be created by melting the Rune. He already started making the Orb!
		Says Smelting room is downstairs!

Staki , another skeleton says to create another Rune, one must find two parts to the Iron Rune! Says to ask Skullring of the Recipe


Skullring , Human survivor is part of the Resistance for the skeletons. Says Black Iron Ore and Iron Rune Mold are needed.



Basement of Thoranguard
Skulleye also keeps Secret Notes! says Forging A Rune requires two Parts...Iron Rune Magic Parchment and a Song


Anville , a Human Tinker assistant says the Orb is almost completed. Today it will be enchanted!
Tinkers have been taught the art of forging rare items.

Scarface the Captive Gnoll  was Captured and taken here. They want the Rune's Secret!
	My Brother Rottingeye at Buckaneers Den can HELP thee...

Brittle the skeleton Tinker says Hot Coals are needed for good Smelting - it is required for a quality job.

A Cell Block Guard says he guards the Captive Gnoll

McCray ,A Master Smith, Oversees the Smelting! says he can help with the Magic Parchment. He heard rumours of 		its whereabouts at Lord British's Castle. Ask Boness in the Jail area about the PARCHMENT!. Says he
	knows about a magic Parchment.... He talks about a Iron Rune and:a Magic Parchment...


Buckaneers Den
Rottingeye, Boney's Gnoll brother says the the Magic Parchment was buried in a secret room here

Green Beard, A tall pirate with a green beard is burying hidden Treasure - says his crew burried it here!

Dancek, a Tinker by trade- knows of the Song - Song of Humility, an stolen ancient relic

Boris, An ugly orc Pirate!,smuggles black market Items - Ancient Relics, that sort of thing.
	GreenBeard's crew just hid the stash!. He just gave the relic to GreenBeard and his crew to stash!

Song of Humility found in a room east of town in Buck.Den




Black_Isle, Black_Rock  a town far south stands on Blackened Isle - accessable by frigate only. Here's where Black Iron Ore, Iron Rune Mold" both can be found!



Aquaria_level -1-
Sir Paldoe An Enchanter Studies Exotic recipes. He seeks Black Iron Ore and Iron Rune Mold. You will need to 	sail to Black Isle

Small Head, An old orc, Seeks the Passage below town. He Talks about a sunken chest in a pool of lava. One must be careful!

The ankhs are portals. Just step over and enter.
In a forest South West of town, enter thru the ladder and descend to basement.

Aquaria_level -2-, basement.

Sir Gassin of militia guard tells to not go any further. There's a flood of lava which destroyed some rooms

Sir Grimor of militia guard tells He keeps law and order beneath Aquaria

Sir Clavdius guards the Prison Chamber. Not to go in or else

Sir Hyrdrin guards the prison chamber. He says enter and face execution!

Tularduril the Reaper prisoner says beyond the walls of fire lie

Elamenya the seahorse says to help her by going to Black Isle and tell her Kin of her fate
		She says once at the Isle - ask Eressëa of the HARVEST
Lórnarya another the seahorse says she needs to get back to help with Harvesting. The harvest is important
		for Black Isle trade.


Ambaron the Fire Serpent says he lives here and kills those who steal.
		He knows of Black Iron Ore. It is hidden NW of town.


Tyembalion the Fire Serpent says to pass thru those doors will bring certain death!


Black Isle, Black Rock Village

Laurel the seahorse King - wants avatar to help in harvest. Says to stay and shop. He rules all the
		sea creatrures
Eressëa the seahorse queen is found NE beyond the door. Ask her of the HARVEST - She'll know that Lórnarya
 sent you and to ask Varuhtar of the HARVEST.

Varuhtar the Seahorse PUB merchant must be asked HARVEST. If paid well enough, he will say
	So ye seek Black Iron. T'is commonly found at sextant:241-164 It's a rare item found in the deep!
	Set sail and search to find the Ore.

Maressëa the seahorse Princess knows the whereabouts of the Mold. She says it was taken from by Pirates
		and buried. Ask Salirondë of the Mold.

Salirondë the Nixie knows of the mold's whereabouts but remembers it was stolen by a pirate and the last
	  person he talked to was Varuhtar the Seahorse PUB merchant. Ask Varuhtar of the mold

again, Varuhtar the Seahorse PUB merchant must be asked MOLD. If paid well enough, he will say
Blasted Pirates! Thou hast better get a shovel and the lighter than air device and set off for 246-162!
He means get the balloon and sail of to 246-162. At the ankh search for the mold.


LB JAIL
Ask Boness in LB JAIL about the magic Parchment -  says the Magic Parchment can be found in the THIRD level in LB castle. Ask
      guard Sir Rolinn about the PASSAGE.

Guard Sir Rolinn says the PASSAGE is past a secret wall south of the wall here. Take the
     Pit down.

LADDER to 3rd LEVEL BASEMENT
Here the Avatar must look west to find the Magic Parchment behind a passage by a chest. To get to the chest one must go NE and may encounter several MOBS. Look for the grass passage and then follow it to the deeper forest. Just beyond will be an ankh. Search for the Parchment. Hit K/limb to ascend back to LB castle level 2



Go to the nearest Tinker outfit and mix these items - see below


Black Iron Ore
Iron Rune Mold
--------------
Iron Rune


Iron Rune
Magic Parchment
Song of Humility
-------------
Rune of Humility

That's the whole part







