Ultima 4 World Map Editor v1.0
	by Ram Dragon
	(a.k.a Matthew Duncan)


The zip file should contain the following:
	u4maped.exe	- world map editor program
	u4map.exe	- world map display program
	u4tile.exe	- graphic tile display program
	egavga.bgi	- graphics driver
	comp.chr	- font driver
	u4man.txt	- this file

(I had to include the graphic and fonts drivers as files because I
still can't get @#$%! Borlandc 3.1 to link these in.  <sigh> time
for Watcom 10.0 I guess).

These programs are freeware copyright by Matthew Duncan 1995.  As such
you are free to use them at no cost.  Any charge for access to these
programs cannot exceed the cost of distribution.  I accept no
responsibility for anything that results as a consequence of using
these programs.  If you distribute these programs, please keep all
the files together.

World Map Editor

You must have the following two Ultima 4 files in the directory you run
this program from:

	world.map
	shapes.ega

When you run this program, you will see a 256x256 map window on the left,
a 16x16 tile edit window on the right, and two rows of tiles on the bottom.
The tiles displayed in the edit window represent the area within the red
cursor in the map window.  The two rows of tiles on the bottom are the
26 tiles associated with the keys a to z.  There an additional 26 tiles
associated with the keys A to Z.  You can flip between the two sets of
tiles (see below).

Editing the map:  Simply press the letter key associated with the tile
you want and it will be painted in the edit window where the purple cursor
is.

Moving the cursors:  The arrow keys are used move either the map or edit
cursor.  A red border will appear around the window of whichever cursor
is currently active.  You can toggle between the two cursors by pressing
the space bar.  Only when you move from the map cursor to the edit cursor
will the contents of the map cursor be updated in the edit window (i.e.,
the edit window is not updated "on the fly" as you move the map cursor).

Edit tiles:  Only 26 of the 52 tiles you can paint are presented at a time.
You can flip between the tiles for keys a to z and keys A to Z by pressing
either the comma key or the period key.  It is not necessary for the tiles
to be displayed before you can paint them (i.e., if the tiles for keys
a to z are displayed, you can still paint tiles with keys A to Z).

Updating and redrawing the map:  Updating the map will save the current
state of the map to an internal buffer.  Redrawing the map will restore
the state of the map from this internal buffer (i.e., from the most recent
update).  You can update or redraw by pressing the number 3 or 4 keys
respectively.  If you've made changes to the map that have not been
updated, an anhk symbol will appear in the bottom right corner.  Updating
or redrawing will clear this symbol.

Saving and exiting:  You can save to disk when exit the program.  To quit
and save press the number 2 key.  To quit without saving press the number
1 key.  The program saves from the most recent update.  If you've made
changes since the last update, you will be asked if you want to include
the non-updated changes in the save.

Warning about map "hot spots":  The places on the map where townes,
shrines, and dungeons are can be edited.  However, if you change
these tiles to something that cannot be entered, you won't be able to
enter them when playing.  Likewise, if you put a towne where none
exists in the game, unpredictable things could happen.  At this time I
would like to remind everyone that I take no responsibility for
anything that happens as a direct or indirect consequence of using
these programs.

Key definitions:
	1		- quit without saving
	2		- quit with saving
	3		- update current map
	4		- redraw map from last update
	a..z, A..Z	- paint map tiles
	,		- display tiles for letters a..z
	.		- display tiles for letters A..Z
	arrows		- move cursors
	space		- toggle between map and edit cursor

U4map.exe and u4tile.exe:  I wrote these as debugging tools for the
map editor.  Thought I'd include them for the heck of it.  U4map.exe
displays the 256x256 pixel world map (it requires world.map to be the
same directory).  U4tile.exe displays all 256 graphic tiles in the
shapes.ega file (ditto for the shapes.ega file).

That's it.  Have fun!  If you find any bugs or have any comments, let
me know.  My email is duncan@psych.utoronto.edu.  See Ya.

 Ram Dragon
--=(UDIC)=--